Mm.
you
Isle is the roughest place I've ever been
I heard a woman scream.
Then I peeped through the door.
Some gal was wiggin' on that ass.
That is the roughest place I've ever been.
All the people down there
Somebody killed a crapshooter cause he didn't run Shake, right and wrong Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
All the people down there Killin' for their whiskey, wine and gin
Said there's a red boy now.
Lord, nobody wrong.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Alley's the roughest place.
Yeah, they took me away from that alley Lord, they took me right back to the bed
Alright, let's get this started.
I'm very excited.
Let's check over here quick.
I see one person waiting, so we should be really ready to go.
Five minutes.
Five minutes and it's 15 after the 15th hour of the day starting up.
Very excited, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm very excited for today because I don't have to work very hard.
I just have to watch these two
have to watch these two guys come together and talk about the things that they've found over the last couple years and it's gonna be a really exciting place for me to sit in on and so just let me make sure everything gets fixed and situated here and we're ready to go.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is J.J.
Cooey and I believe he's a consultant for C.H.D.
and I believe he has a P.H.D.
in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
I'm
you.
Hey, it looks like the stands are starting to fill up slowly in the gym and we are ready for the show.
The Enchantment is about to take a serious blow to the broadside today as we try to move forward and we've been working on the biology.
Other people have been working on the history and today we have two
Let's just call them armchair historians that have have found their stride during the pandemic because of the nature of the pandemic's narrative because of the way that whoa whoa whoa something's scooping around I bet somebody connected back there.
We're gonna have to do a sound check and we'll do the sound check and then if it's not right we're just gonna start over again and that'll be fine.
One of our guests is named Mark Kulak.
He's based in the United States.
He is an analyst with a long career in the computer data storage industry.
And the other fellow that's joining us is actually a historian from Germany who does a lot of his work on Substack and had a recent
collaboration with CHD and Veera Sharav in trying to put out the movie and the book called Never Again is Now.
And so these two gentlemen are going to join me in just a few minutes to discuss the current state of the narrative, so to speak.
And I do really think that is the current state of the narrative.
None of the three people that you will see discussing these ideas today are under the
under the illusion that they know the truth.
We are to think I am mainly in agreement that the truth is not available for free on television.
And in fact, the truth may not be available for free on.
It may also not be available for free on social media, at least.
Why is this not advancing?
This would be a very good assumption to start under.
And so that's what we're going to do today.
We're going to try and learn a little bit of our history before it's erased forever.
And we're going to learn a little bit about what each of these guys have kind of separately stumbled upon.
It kind of lines up to helping us understand how it is that we've actually inherited.
these charlatans and how our history can help us understand how we inherited governance by charlatan because that's really where we are.
We are trapped in governance by charlatan and if we're going to make gentle the life of this world as we transition out of governance by charlatan, it's going to take people around the world who are able to stay focused on the biology and not take the bait on television and love their neighbors.
because this is a wave of coordinated lying that's been going on for generations.
And so if we want to teach our children to surf this wave with the real truth, we've got to be able to show them the direction to surf.
We've got to be able to show them how to ride.
We've got to be able to show them the people who are coordinated, coordinatedly lying to create this wave that's entrapped us.
And that's what Giga Home Biological is really all about.
It's hard to believe that this next slide is like almost four years old.
But if you are here for a while, you're here at the top of the wave.
And if not, you might be a skilled TV watcher who needs to be reminded to stay focused on the biology, needs to be told not to take their bait.
It's still not really working very well, so I'm not sure what's going on.
I have the feeling it's Zoom doing that.
So we are going to have to switch out soon.
And that'll be good.
I don't think the computer really likes it.
So this is how it works.
People share this stream and then people find out about it.
So if you're not busy sharing it, maybe take the time right now to tweet it out or put it up on Facebook or whatever you do.
That would be really great.
and you can find us at GigaOMBiological.com but that's not really important right now because we have two other people that we are trying to make you more familiar with and I want to get there as quick as possible.
I'm sure they're already annoyed with the introduction here.
Let's just play this really quick and we'll be there.
I think it is kind of exciting though that this paradigm shift is about to occur and we're gonna be around for it.
We're gonna be around for it and be able to share it with our children in real time.
And that's what's really gonna be necessary as these changes occur.
We're gonna have to be able to share the informed noncompliance with our children and teach them how to engage in it for the rest of their lifetime.
So yeah, that's the plan.
do
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.
That looks good.
Let's see if we can get this right away.
I'm a human just like you.
Don't forget intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
The transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
We are trying to stop the spread of bad ideas by promoting people with good ones.
So today I've got two very special guests.
Mark Kulak and Uwe Altschner.
I don't know if they're both in the Zoom already.
Oh, they are.
Look how convenient that is.
I'm just going to hit escape.
Let me get over here and hit escape.
And I don't know if they'll be able to see themselves the way I see them, which may be slightly unhandy for them at times.
But I don't know what you guys see when I do this.
I hope you see yourselves up in the corner there.
Okay, good.
So welcome, gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
I think it's important first for me to just clarify where you're coming from and who you are and not dig too far into the details because we could go into either of your backgrounds for 20 minutes.
What I want to get to right away is of course where your stories have come together very recently with regard to Hilary Kaprowski.
And of course, I also want you to meet each other.
So let me just very quickly switch over here and just say very quickly, these guys can be found here.
First, you have the substack, never again.
is now global.
You shouldn't confuse that with some other substacks that are out there that are associated with a very similar theme like never again is now etc.
These are all probably and maybe Uwe at some point can say something about it but these are all probably
interesting places to look to but for now we're featuring his and it is again Never Again is now global on Substack and you are all those of you have been here for a while are also very familiar with Housatonic Mark Kulak at housatonicits.com and this is of course the front page of his website and so without further ado gentlemen
Welcome to the show.
I know you guys know each other kind of through me, but, you know, welcome and I'm so happy you guys can finally be introduced.
Maybe it's easier because Mark and I talk more often that you start in Germany and just kind of give maybe a short through the corner version of why you ended up texting me this morning with an audio message and why you were so excited to talk to Mark.
Thanks again for joining, by the way.
Oh, you're muted.
Sorry.
Yeah, sorry.
Can you hear me?
Yep.
So thank you, JJ.
And thank you, Mark, for having me on.
It's an honor.
I have been following both of your work for the better part of
almost two years now, which came about because I worked together with Vera Sharaf on the project Never Again is Now Global.
And that's also why my substack has come to be termed neveragainisnowglobal.substack.com.
So this is something which I started, and it was clear that it was my substack to
some attention towards me.
I'm German.
I'm a historian.
I've got a background in politics, but I left very early in the beginning of the 2000s.
So working inside politics and since then I've been consulting the pandemic or what is called the pandemic has destroyed my business and I've been trying to
reinvent myself and stay afloat whilst also providing information for my fellow Germans.
So I've been doing translation during almost all of 2020.
I had very senior people on my show, translated the whole thing into German.
And that's how I came in touch with CHD.
and with Vera Sharaf.
Vera Sharaf was on my German blog and in April 2021 it was when I asked her for an interview about the situation I was observing from Israel and in this interview which we did
Vera said something to the tune of, this could be the beginning of the Fourth Reich.
And as a German and as a historian, I've been trained to be very, very cautious in making comparisons with the Holocaust.
So I was immediately almost taken aback and say, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
But of course, this was a Holocaust survivor who was talking to me.
So therefore, I knew that she would also be well aware of what she was saying.
this triggered me to do more research on what I thought I knew, but I didn't, in fact, because history is something quite different.
So history, the way it is taught in school and university is something quite different from the real history, which is an evolving
organism, basically.
It's something like science, where evidence comes to light and has to be reintroduced and reassessed permanently.
So the history of the Second World War, the rise of the Nazis and all this had to be revisited.
And I have come to understand that the history is completely different.
from what it is we've been taught.
So this is basically where I've been coming from.
And when I saw Mark's most recent show on Joseph Mengele, Hilary Koprowski in the Vatican, this was of course something which I immediately connected to because this was the fact which I was researching for our joint project, which Vera and I had
have been doing until November of last year.
So I'm not working anymore with Vera Sharap, which I do regret, but it is something which I also in some way also
Now I'm relieved of some burden because I can focus on my own work.
And Mark has pointed out very, very important connections, not just in this respect, but also in this respect.
And that's why I reached out to you and said, look, I think we should get on a show together and discuss various aspects of what Mark has been drawing attention to yesterday and the day before.
And Mark, can you give us a one minute or two minute synopsis of what you've been drawing attention to over the last, I mean, I know those shows are very long and they're detailed, but I know you're also pretty good at giving a kind of overview.
And so as best you can, at least just try and help us out.
Sure.
First, I do also have the URL, Housatonic.live, so you can go directly to there.
And it's a pleasure to meet you, Yvette.
Thank you for actually having shared and highlighted some of my work.
Not too many people do that.
It helps me reach my end goal, which is to get whatever information out there that we can, and hopefully get me out of the middle, because I don't actually want to be in the middle.
That was not my desire several years ago when I started on this particular endeavor.
And I think we all have our own reasons.
It was, of course, and this isn't our own words, it's very clear that a large component of the COVID-19 is data collection and potentially utilizing the resources that are available, potentially resources that will be disappearing in the future, to understand or to potentially shed some light on how the machinery of the human organism
operates.
It may never actually happen, but you got to start somewhere.
And I suspect that this data collection has been ongoing, or the infrastructure that has to attain this has been put in place.
The idea of what needed to be collected has changed over the last several decades.
And there are
academic lineages of some of the most important people in virology and immunology and genetics over the last 40 or 50 years, which connect very directly to people who have been hosting and leading conferences at the Vatican, as well as to interests or, how to say, experiments
camps, et cetera, that were in World War II Germany.
And it's a subject that I felt very uncomfortable actually exploring.
What could I know?
I'm not really a historian, but I can follow the clues.
And sometimes, and this is actually a window of time that actually will not last forever for me, right?
We have an opportunity where sometimes someone can come along
with enough capability, but perhaps enough naivety to ask slightly different questions.
Eventually, I'm going to fall into a box, too, where I'll have a difficult time getting out.
But at the moment, I've been able to look at these connections and go, you know, there's just far too close a connection here.
This isn't four levels deep.
This is quite literally the
the same individuals.
In some cases, just like, and I have much to thank for, of all people, and I suspect he's not a very bright bulb, Stanley Prusiner of the, how to say, Nobel laureate, misfolded protein fame, because he just wrote, I think, more than anyone wanted him to write upon the passing of Hilary Koprowski.
And he just shared a lot of details about how close he was with the Vatican and his access.
And I would suspect that if Kiprowski is who the person who I think, and I think you may be suspecting is Yuve, I'm not sure Kiprowski would have wanted that written, but he was gone by that time.
So the memoirs are out there and then you start revisiting things and it would make sense if it was possible.
If it was possible, as we have been told, to commit the atrocities of World War II, and I'm not, I'm only questioning the nature of them and some of the motivations, right?
Then why not just scale that up to ever-increasing populations if the people back then were never caught, really?
Almost all of them were allowed to go free.
I have a lot of questions, none of them questions that people should have asked.
I would be more than happy to be shut up and go away if someone could just resolve these things in a way that makes sense.
So that's where I'm at right now.
And I think there's much I could benefit from working with someone who has been deep in the history, such as yourself, Yvette, because I'm reaching the end of some of my, at least, capabilities right now.
And I think you could help expedite that dramatically.
So thank you for reaching out.
Sure, sure.
JJ, how do you want to have this conversation?
Are you going to ask questions or do you want us to just spit out our thoughts?
Yeah, how about you just start with, you know, kind of what you told me in the audio message about what you'd found and why you think Mark would be interested in it, and then we'll see how Mark responds.
Yes.
And for props, if I may, for the benefit of the audience, every once in a while here or there, if there's a name or a concept that perhaps most people would be just unaware of, feel free to spend an extra minute, not extensively, but just to highlight who this person is or that company is or whatever.
We'll assume that there's a mid-level of knowledge here.
Right.
So in your recent video about Mengele and Koprowski, you said something to the effect that you weren't sure whether the two actually met.
So Mengele lived on until at least 1979 and maybe even longer, as you speculate rightly, because we don't know.
And it's fair to assume that it may just have been
something which we were led to believe for other things to happen.
This is speculation.
And I also applaud you for making very clear where you speculate and where evidence is available to really pin things down.
But in this video, you also asked about whether that you could, correct me if I'm wrong, but that you could not really
a fathom that those guys had been working on their own in Auschwitz and not having gotten support from outside or reported and stuff.
And this is something where I can contribute that indeed there was a reporting which happened from Auschwitz, from Mengele to his
mentor, which was Otmar von Verschuur.
He was a professor in Frankfurt and in Berlin at an institute which was funded by Rockefeller.
So there you have it.
First of all, I apologize.
How was the last name spelled?
Verschuur.
So it's V-E-R-S-C-H-U-E-R.
Otmar.
I am not familiar with that name at all, but you, so Mengele was, and I haven't, I'm not sure Mengele was really a extensively educated virologist or immunologist.
I think he had more of a director role, although I think he was also hands-on, as some people have suggested, but, and he wasn't really that old in World War II either.
I think he was only in his 30s or maybe 40 years old, maybe.
Yeah, yeah.
So he was a very young man when he wrote his dissertation in 1936, I think it was.
And he, as I said, he was a pupil of Otmar von Verschuur, who was a good geneticist.
And of course, this
sorry there you go geneticist that's a key word right exactly so so and there we have we had the connection to the eugenics issue which was at the heart of what vera sharaf and i were researching trying to understand where this came from this belief in you know good genes and bad genes and and and stuff which you want to
promulgate and others which you want to suppress in a population, which was not German.
It comes from basically from Darwin.
So it's a form of social Darwinism.
It's British in essence, but it's spread all around the world.
I was very popular with very, very wealthy people, very powerful people, people we would today maybe call oligarchs.
They wanted and they believed in a superiority of their kind.
then you will have, of course, the Nazis, and I'm far from relativizing any of what the Nazis did.
But it is essential to understand that they did not fall from the sky, that it was a connection which dated back also to connections to Britain.
So Occult History, I can recommend a very good book about
The Empire in Which the Black Sun Never Set, which is by Cynthia Chung, who is Canadian, and who has done extensive research on this whole ideological, but also scientific background of this kind of worldview.
So this is what we were researching when Vera Sharaf said that what is happening now might be something
designed to continue what was left unfinished at the end of World War II.
And these are Vera's words.
It's nothing which I would have ever thought, but Vera is a survivor of the Holocaust.
And as per the presidential commission, so Jimmy Carter in 1979, he installed a commission to give recommendation on proper remembrance of the Holocaust.
and also recommendations on how to best prevent another Holocaust from recurring.
This commission was led by Nobel Laureate Elie Wiesel.
In this report, which they handed to Jimmy Carter in the Rose Garden in 1979, it is said that especially the survivors have a responsibility which they owe to the dead to call out any
danger of anything of that kind ever recurring again.
So this is something which people need to understand.
So it's not at all any trivialization.
It is the survivors themselves who feel entrusted with an obligation to do vigilant observation of what is going on all over the world.
And that's what Vera Sharaf has been doing for all of her life, which I respect immensely.
She's a very, very brave woman.
And I was privileged to work with her for a couple of years.
And I'm still committed to trying to shed light to what has been going on.
Now, going back to what you unearthed, of course, Mark, is
the fact that there have been those connections to the oligarchs from the West
the Rockefellers and others, DuPont, and then all those people who had also close ties to fascism, not only in Germany, but in the US.
I mean, remember the Bankers Plot, the Wall Street Plot, which failed under General Smedley Butler, who was hired to eventually
dethroned Franklin D. Roosevelt.
This is something which is a fact, which has been covered up, as many other things also have been covered up.
One of this has been the connections between the research which was done in Nazi Germany, which came into Nazi Germany from places such as the US, where many eugenic laws had been implemented in the 20s already.
for sterilization and stuff.
And this was continued in a way in Nazi Germany and especially in Auschwitz.
And you have pointed out even the economic dimension of
what that meant, how valuable, I mean, it's very hard for me to use this language, but it's right what you said, because it was in their eyes, so those who did this work and those who funded the work, it was a matter of value for them to do research into understanding
the genetics of life and to draw conclusions for their purposes.
Today, we still don't know exactly what those purposes are, what their goal is, because they never
really speak it out completely, but we can make assumptions and we can make deductions from evidence we find.
And one of these evidences is as regards to Koprowski and people he was involved with, you also mentioned Lederberg, Joshua Lederberg.
And in this respect, I find it very, very interesting that in 1962,
There had been a conference in London, which was organized by the Ciba company, which is a Swiss company that was named... Ciba Geigy.
Ciba Geigy, sometimes they're called.
Right.
And since they've ceased to exist under this name, they are now Novartis.
But Geigy and Sieber were two Swiss companies which merged to Sieber-Geigy, and they have been also heavily involved in dealing with the Nazis and providing all sorts of chemicals and stuff which was also used for the war effort.
And this, just as an aside, this went on with the full knowledge of the Allies, at least with the full knowledge of the Allies intelligence, which of course, as pertains to Europe, was controlled by Alan Dulles, who was the OSS head of operations in Bern.
And he knew all this because he was also a lawyer
And his brother was a lawyer in the firm of Sullivan and Cromwell.
And they had many, many, many investments in German businesses or outright even owned those companies themselves.
So this is the background.
And in 1962, this conference in London was held.
organized by CEBA and in attendance were a number of senior scientists from the, today we'd say life sciences, so biology, medicine, genetics, chemistry, biology, and stuff.
Many of them were Nobel laureates.
Joshua Lederberg was one of them, and he was a very young man at the time.
And he was very well acquainted with Hilary Koprowski, as you also mentioned.
And Lederberg made sure that Koprowski was invited to this conference in London.
You didn't say the name of the conference yet.
I don't think.
Oh, yeah, right.
So the conference, I always call it the SEVA conference, but of course, it is the conference on the future of man, right?
I was wondering if Jay would want to, if there's any slides or any pictures online that Jay would want to show the audience for people who are watching, that would be, I could pull it up here, but Jay may want to show the audience.
Up to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
I mean, anyone can show anything.
I've already enabled the screen if you got something you want to pop up.
Right.
I think I would love to hear more about this conference.
Yeah.
The future.
That's that sounds kind of relevant.
Yeah.
Very ambitious.
Absolutely.
And this was just just what is it 17 years?
after the end of World War II, where people got together in London.
I apologize, I have not prepared a presentation because it was just very, very short notice when we agreed to jump on a call.
But it's available freely on the Internet.
It's on the Wayback Machine.
The whole proceedings can be found on the Wayback Machine.
The conference title was The Future of Man.
several Nobel laureates, but also other high-ranking officials, so let me see whether I can.
In fact, if people go to Google, if you type in 1962 future of man, how sexist.
The very first hit is the internet archive, the full text of man and his future, a SEBA foundation volume.
Absolutely.
And now my screen is... It's coming up right now.
Well done.
And so Koprowski was in this conference.
And what he said is also very, very interesting, I find.
Oh, there he is.
Nice.
Oh, my gosh.
Wow.
Well done.
Yeah.
Go ahead.
Keep going.
Julian Huxley.
People like to talk about him.
Yeah.
And so you always also say that we want to stay away from what people call conspiracy theories or stuff.
But first of all, we must liberate us from those cliches, which are basically designed to stop critical thinking, right?
We've got to deal, we are dealing with something which is so illogical and so weird in so many ways.
Science is not working the way it should.
Politics is not working the way it should.
Even economics has been thrown out of the window because the whole world economy is going down for something which is
Well, it's nothing really.
There hasn't even been any evidence for spread, as you have pointed out repeatedly.
So therefore, we have to investigate.
And in order to investigate, you have to form hypotheses, which then need to be assessed and analyzed as to their content.
And here we see that this is something
very, very real, where people get together and speak freely about their visions of the future of man with even the issue of population control,
population, how to say, not reduction, they're not saying reduction, but they say that, of course, the growth is something to watch, but to selection, right?
So they are talking about traits which they want to have and want to see in future generations and others which they don't.
And they even speak about what might be possible in
creating men without legs for air travel, space travel and stuff like this.
So this is really, really weird.
And it's been done by most senior scientists who are well respected, or at least who, who command respect, whether they deserve it or not.
And this is something where I was shocked by reading it.
again, 17 years after the end of World War Two, after the Nuremberg Code had been passed, they are talking about this kind of, you know, very, very oligarchic, totalitarian,
dark stuff.
And Koprowski and Joshua Lederberg are involved in that.
Koprowski goes back to World War II.
Lederberg doesn't.
But Lederberg goes into the near past, into the early 2000s, as you have pointed out, Mark, and you, JJ, in your research about his involvement in the whole genetics field.
And this is something
I sit and watch your shows.
My jaw drops every time when I see what you present.
And this is just mind-boggling.
And we have to come to terms with this and find a way to communicate these facts to other people.
Okay, so just to read one little part here of Hilly Koprowski's text.
However, during recent years, two splenologists, which I think are cavers, died in the United States without apparently being exposed to the bite of an animal.
Exposure of animals to inhalation of virus from bat excre in the same caves led to the conclusion that the virus had changed its ways of infecting man and that two men died after breathing the infectious agent.
Holy, holy shit.
Okay, so that's, that's literally, that's pretty shocking.
I don't know what to say other than I guess I have to read that document in its entirety.
Yeah, one has to read it in its entirety.
And also to be to be to be fair.
So the whole proceedings is filled with presentations and discussions.
And these discussions are, you know, they are very extensive and people speak their mind, which in a way is good because it helps us to understand what kind of thinking
prevails in these kind of elite circles.
But it's certainly a thinking which has no respect for human dignity, as it has come to be
written into at least the moral code of the world after World War II in particular, after the atrocities which happened, unfortunately, in the name of my nation.
And this is something which weighs heavy on my mind and which is one reason why I work
on this matter to tell people, look, this is something which is not particularly German.
It is something which is present in some people, and it's not present in other people.
But we have to really make an effort to focus on the dignity, on human dignity, on the irreducible complexity, as you say, JJ, and this is something
which is so important about your work and which is a shame why other people do not respect and cherish this as it should be.
It's really nice of you to say that.
Let me just say something before I hand it over to Mark that makes sure that everybody doesn't think that we're trying to circumlocute the truth without actually speaking it out loud.
But it's become clear to a lot of us, kind of because of Mark's work, because of the work of people like Mr. Alsner, that the story that we've been told, where
lots of people were killed by the Nazis in camps with gas and burnt is a partial story.
And that it would be absolutely almost on its face ridiculous to think that something so valuable as an entire population of people that was destined to be destroyed would not have been used for other purposes first.
And in fact, if you think of this idea and then wonder why
whatever they did was not part of the public sort of
Admissions set of okay.
These people did this and here's the details and you know, these aren't suitable for everybody But there should be a museum somewhere that describes how awful these these things were but instead the details of what was most likely done before Extermination are just wholly missing from this history and it's very creepy that someone like Hillary Kaprowski has the history that he does which includes his early contact with a lot of these people in the
in the infancy of this biological mythology about retroviruses and viruses and pathogens, all these things outside of us that cause cancer and all these other things.
It took a while for this mythology to build up and it really feels like
people that Mark has identified, particularly intriguing to me is Alice E. Moore, but also Hilary Kaprowski, you really start to see a frightening continuity.
It doesn't take very many people to sustain these ideas if all these people look up to the same people.
Go ahead, Mark.
First of all, fantastic discovery.
There are papers out there that demonstrate or
provide an exhibit that Kaprowski and Joshua Lederberg, being amongst the other leaders and thought leaders, if you will, in their fields, had collaboration.
Amongst the archives, which we will never get full access to, supposedly there are boxes between of collaboration of notes and whatever, and that's just what was shared between those two scientists.
But Lederberg was known to be quite prolific in his writings, and he had extensive communication with a lot of people.
Whether or not he wrote all of it himself, we'll never know.
He is known to be a wordsmith.
He created a lot of the words we use.
The word microbiome is Hilary Koprowski's word.
The word plasmid is Hilary Koprowski's word.
He invented all these words.
He was just, he just loved words.
So, and I think there's a bunch of other ones, key words that people hang their whole reputation on.
You know, we're not gonna make this a negative show about, or a critical show of some people, but when it comes to plasmids, a lot of the language, for example, like Dr. Kevin McKernan would use, is language created from fragments, no pun intended, that came out of the suggestions of Joshua Lederberg.
Now, if I may,
This conference is fascinating.
First of all, there's two big names.
There's a lot of big names, OK?
Between Julian Huxley and Hermann Muller.
Both of these were, of course, leading geneticists.
Muller was more of an actual scientist.
Huxley was more into just the thinking, whiteboarding, where can future mankind go, et cetera.
They both were involved with
This is an overly used term.
I don't know what else to say, but elite circles in the 1920s and 1930s about eugenics and about life extension and evolution.
It was seen throughout that time.
I was looking for a book called Radium and the Secret of Life.
It well documents that era between 1910 and 1940, where they had discovered radium, they discovered x-rays, they had misunderstandings that they thought were, they actually thought they saw evidence that radiation could mutate flies, and maybe radiation could improve people.
It could improve our genetics somehow.
In reality, they were just poisoning the flies, and they were growing in weird ways.
They really weren't having any real genetic impact, but it got people thinking.
So these are two giants with respect to the advancing and wanting to pour more money into genetics.
I think Muller was one of the mentors of Sagan, I believe, many years ago.
It's
We've covered this a lot.
Now, with Joshua Lederberg there in 1962, it was sometime in the 1960s that Lederberg created another word called euphenics, E-U-P-H-E-N-I-C-S.
Very few people know about this word.
It's so important though, because it shows the mindset and that they really were thinking about what they thought was their problem to solve, which is to live longer and improve humans.
Lederberg had done the math, and he knew that even if we could do selective breeding, it would take, and even if selective breeding works as some people think it does, and there's some questions about that also, it would take tens of thousands of years.
It would take so long.
I mean, just look at the time that a female can start to have children, how many children they would need to have.
Lederberg realized that was just not going to be possible.
Are we still live?
Yes.
Yeah, we are.
Sorry, he just took the screen.
It's good.
Now we're gonna be possible to improve the human race through selective breeding.
Now, he didn't come out and speak against population controls.
In fact, there's an IBM Journal article in the 1960s where he was still very much for that.
But what he saw was that it was important to advance the field of genetics because through the field of genetics,
understand how the code of life works, how the machinery of life works, then maybe you can impact it and change the way the people who are alive right now are functioning.
Whether it's through diet, whether it's through some enzyme, whether it's through some augmentation of genetic code,
Lederberg wanted that pursued more, and he wanted more money put into genetics, but not just to know how people work from scratch, if you will, bootstrapping them, but how can you impact the life of the people that are here now?
And I suspect that that would have been something he would have spoken about at that conference.
So while the eugenics angle, which is absolutely true, I mean, it's clear as day that there were discussions,
presentations done by Hermann Muller, by Huxley, about some people are inferior, some races are inferior, some people are born with defects, you need to get rid of them, you need to clear the genetic pool, the earth is limited in resources.
I don't think they had good enough proof of it, so they advocated for these things.
But Lederberg, while he might have also believed in that stuff, there's no question about it,
He was also looking for more realistic ways of attaining some of those things.
So I think he was aware of euphenics.
That's his word, matter of fact.
I don't know if you actually defined it yet, though.
If you did, I was reading while you said it.
Can you say it again?
What is euphenics?
Euphenics is instead of simply improving the human race or improving life by selective breeding, it's actually understanding how the machinery and code of life works in a way that you can improve it, prove the life that's living now.
via enzymes, via food, via maybe.
Okay, I get it now, thank you.
Viral viruses.
Yeah, I see.
Whatever, the culmination of all of those things, because there's just never gonna be enough time to improve the race in a way through no other means other than selective breeding.
So it doesn't mean that he's a good guy, because that's a more kind way to approach it.
It just shows that he was thinking, how is this more,
how do we make that goal of life extension and improvement more achievable?
So he was pursuing that.
I think it's an important word that probably, as you're implying, gets purposely obfuscated behind the broader term eugenics so that people don't understand that they had thought about the nuances here and they realize that these might even be two different goals or two different sets of experiments.
And so I think it's really important to bring it up.
And to his credit, he was highlighting that.
Again, I sometimes say that I'll offer a compliment to someone, and it does not mean that I'm morally justifying it, okay?
I'm just trying to understand why they were thinking what they were thinking with the values that they had.
But to his credit, in this case, he wasn't
he felt there was a need to differentiate it.
And he did so publicly.
There's multiple US newspaper articles highlighting that word.
So he kind of almost wanted that word out there in a way.
It also goes to show how this crowd of scientists feel as though they are really that far above everyone else.
They're no longer in the mud with the rest of us.
They're making decisions, they're dictating.
of
It just goes really bad, really fast.
Whoa, what are you showing us here, Uwe?
Is that a, wow.
Yeah, so I apologize for sharing the screen.
I didn't know what would happen if I, I just wanted to prepare it for when Mark was finished.
But I just tried to just search my notes and for Herman Moore, who was in London, and Mengele, and for sure.
So there's this book here, The Nazi Connection, Eugenics, American Racism, and German National Socialism from 1994, which I have here done an excerpt into my notes.
And there it says that for sure, so he is the mentor of Mengele, he wrote
to Herman Muller after the war, because he was whinging and complaining about his life of deprivation, and he wanted, you know, to restore our science.
And there, I think, what you said is right about the language and about the differentiation, which is, of course, happening constantly.
Remember, eugenics is a very old term.
It is a very discredited term.
And they were constantly trying to rephrase their doing in terms which are acceptable and palatable to people.
whom they couldn't avoid, right?
And we also need to be aware that those proceedings are those which were published.
We must certainly assume that the real discussion, not everything which was discussed, will go into the proceedings.
So therefore, there's also this difference between what is said
and what is reported.
But behind all this is, I think, is the clear continuity.
And that's what Vera Sharaf has taught me, the continuity of a kind of thinking of, you know, superiority, biological superiority, by whatever means.
And certainly, nobody can do it like the Nazis did anyway, after this has happened.
But they didn't let go of certain concepts of directionality and design and stuff, which is incompatible with basic concepts of a national and personal sovereignty.
And this is something which you have been pointing out, both of you have been pointing out.
the whole time, which has also led you into conflict with other organizations and other people who are doing, well, doing work in some places, but are keeping quiet at others, which is really a shame because this is a
As Vera said, and I believe it's true, it is a very, very existential question.
We are being called to understand what is going on, what is continuing to happen, notwithstanding the terms which are being used.
So today we're talking about transhumanism, right?
It's totally different, but it's not so different after all, because it also combines the thinking of eugenics, euphanics,
And, and the, what's it called the technocracy and, and making the word Norbert Wiener coined it for for this, this
It will come to me in a moment.
So where they really think they can direct whole societies on a technical level, which is why they are implementing all this hardware in our streets in Germany, everything is being connected today.
It has nothing to do with cost-effectiveness.
Everything is connected.
because they want to really go into everyone's houses and turn on and turn off everything which they see fit.
And this is something which is now possible on a technical level.
It would have happened earlier had it been possible earlier.
I'm very sure.
Yeah, I would agree with that in general as well, that I think actually this operation has progressed pretty much in relation to the availability of the technology to be rolled out.
I mean, that's why they didn't do it in the 80s.
They weren't ready.
And yeah, go ahead, Mark.
In the 1980s, did they believe that they needed to do that, though?
There were a lot of population reduction plans throughout the 1980s in various governments, which were not necessarily compatible with a worldview that we're going to need a lot of people to monitor.
I'm currently going down a field where the speculation I believe is true is that it was perhaps hoped that there wouldn't need to be monitoring of everyone to figure it out.
That maybe let's get rid of this excess population and with enough computers and enough animals, we'll figure it out.
And maybe at some point,
And these are the types of things that become more and more visible when you really understand the nature of something like the antibody patent paradox, where it's not just the fact that there's a lot of different antibodies, it's the fact that there's a galactic range of proteins made almost to the individual level.
So with this much, with this many different responses to things, with that much, so much being unknown,
I think that at some point it became clear like, you know, we've started our population reduction program.
It's going to be very successful now because we have, you know, decreasing levels of population with each generation, which is something, as we see in Japan, very hard to escape.
The world may never hit this population again.
And we've just come to the conclusion that what we actually need, we believe, to attain this mission is more people.
This is not good.
No time like the present to have the big pandemic and to really get to new medicine, to get to new monitoring, to double down on selling the capabilities of this.
Again, this is speculation and action here.
We don't have the answers, but I'm feeling very good about working with Jonathan and you, Uwe, and other people that are at least willing to put forth
explanations that make sense as opposed to Satanism and, you know, just crazy simple things.
And I think that one of the reasons why we've been so productive here is we've been really kicking out and keeping our distance from the stupid possibilities, narrow it down to things that make sense.
And then really, you know, none of us really have, it's,
We're all unified and just wanting to come up with the right answer, whichever one that is.
So terminology, I came up with the term I was missing earlier.
It's cybernetics, of course, right?
So cybernetics is the ideology of a directed evolution of a society, of a whole economy, a world economy, basically.
And so this is tied to technocracy.
This is tied to fascism.
And it's also tied to oligarchies because you mentioned Satanists, right?
This is something which, of course, triggers many people.
because they are not at all familiar with thinking along those lines.
However, we must understand that occult practices have been and still continue to be around and it is provable
And it also pertains to institutions like the Vatican.
So oligarchies, you can draw a line and I recommend the work of Cynthia Chang and Matthew Aratt about it, who have really highlighted the continuity of oligarchical structures continuing over millennia.
very precisely until the present, which will then eventually help us understand why, for example, the brilliant U.S.
Constitution is under threat today.
Because the United States revolution, the revolution in the colonies and the formation of the United States has been one of the very, very, very few blows delivered
to the prevailing oligarchy of the time to the one world government of the time, which was the British Empire.
And they have never, never forgiven.
Can I just say that you are the only foreigner I've ever heard say those words before.
The only foreigner.
I've never heard any other foreigner on the internet say that fundamental fact.
It's incredible.
Well, but I have not been able to understand it myself until very recently after reading Matthew Aratt and Cynthia and others.
Anton Chaitkin, for example, is a brilliant historian who explains the history of the United States in a Republican tradition.
And we must understand that they tried to overthrow the world with war.
The Nazi experience, World War II, was an indication that this was not going to happen.
This was not going to happen.
People were not going along with that.
So they had to come up with other means.
And now the biosecurity dogma is one way they are trying this.
They had tried before with the free trade dogma, but people were willing to go to the streets about that as well.
because it is not in the interest of nations, of individuals, of sovereign nations to have free trade imposed upon them, which only benefits those who are strong, right?
If you are in a position where you want to develop your economy, you need some form of protection until you are ready to embark in open competition.
This is common sense, right?
And so what they did is
anti-Americanism has been a ploy.
They have the British, I'm sorry, forgive me for oversimplifying here, but the British Empire has done everything they could ever since Vietnam, Korea maybe even.
Maybe even as early as 1946, when Stalin, when Churchill spoke about the Iron Curtain, they understood, which, by the way, was a Nazi invention.
The Nazis invented this as a life insurance to be protected, to help against the bad commies, right?
And I'm not saying communism is good.
I'm not saying that's what I'm saying.
I'm saying is that this has been
employed.
So divide and conquer is one way of looking at this.
But the British Empire has politely and diplomatically retreated to the background and let the US do the dirty work all over the world, which makes America, which gives America a bad name, when in fact, America has been the only successful democratic, republican, humanist,
foundation of a nation ever.
And this is a threat.
And this is under threat now.
And therefore, I also applaud you, JJ and Mark for calling out this WHO scaremongering.
Yes, of course.
It's not good what they are doing over there.
But it's detracting from you, like you said, JJ, to call for a Seventh Amendment violation in America.
You have the means to do this.
The Constitution is so strong.
If you in America are focusing on the WHO, you are playing into their hands.
This is something which is not the problem from your point of view.
From our point of view, it is, right?
In Europe, it is very different.
We don't have a strong constitution.
Germany, in fact, has, I mean, there's still two Germanies existing.
Can you believe the German Reich still exists underneath the Federal Republic of Germany?
What this means isn't even clear to me in its totality because I'm not a lawyer, but certainly the German Supreme Court, the Constitutional Court, ruled a number of times that the German Reich still
is inexistent, which must mean that all the rights of the allies will still hold for the German Reich, which is this area underneath the German Federal Republic.
Okay.
Which explains why we have to take and swallow that drones are being directed from out of Rammstein.
And no German Chancellor can do anything about it.
This is a fact, but it's a fact which is not very well known.
They don't want us to talk about this.
Wow.
So that's a whole other can of worms.
Go ahead, Mark.
I have a question, and I think feel free to spend as much time as you need on it for you, Jge.
You have, relative to most, a pretty solid understanding of a lot of different dates, leaders, probably military conflicts during World War II, Germany, of course.
Do you see anything that suggests that sometime between, I don't know, end of 1941 and 1942, there was a potential discontinuity or a change in the way some of these prisoner camps were seen?
Because I have very little understanding, but I never realized this, but because you listen to my shows, you've heard me vocalize it.
The camp at Auschwitz was for the most part for war prisoners, political prisoners.
Of course, they were punishing people who they suspected of espionage and foreign spies and not necessarily great things, but it falls into the camp of pedestrian, you know, prisoner camps during the war, right?
And then its nature changed quite dramatically.
with the construction and the way it operated in 1942 and afterwards.
Have you seen or ever thought like there was a weird disconnect, like how the prisoners changed and who might've been involved in that?
Because if I'm crazy to speculate it, that something happened there, then I have to stop.
So I'm just wondering what your thoughts were on this.
To be honest, no, I haven't looked into this at all.
And there are several reasons for this, but the most important one is that it is very, very difficult for any German to just make thought experiments about what it really was we are dealing with.
Because we are under, well, I mean, it is,
you are violating the constitution if you are relativizing the Holocaust.
And people say that thinking about what was there is already doing this.
Even if you're not questioning at all arrests, you're not questioning.
You're just trying to understand the nature of things.
You're not even allowed that.
No.
Well,
you're not well advised to do this.
This has to be done from outside of Germany.
And this is why I was so motivated to help someone like Vera Sharif because she is a person who can say this without having the slightest
slightest danger of being labeled antisemitic, Holocaust denying.
I mean, yes, they even tried this, but that's ridiculous because it will just blow up in the faces of people who do this.
But it is unfortunate that this area, but to give you another perspective of this, so the Nazis were defeated.
But the Nazis prevailed.
What do I mean by this?
The Nazis were also foreign Nazis.
Some were even members of the Nazi party, such as Prince Bernard of the Netherlands, who went on with Prince Philip of England to found the World Wildlife Fund for Nature and create the whole sustainability climate hoax.
He, Bernard, was an SS officer.
He even was German.
He married into the Dutch royalty.
He was an SS officer.
He was very instrumental in aborting the Allied landing at Eindhoven in September of 1944.
So there was a huge Allied landing with, I think, 30,000 paratroopers going down over the Northwest of Holland, so Eindhoven, Arnhem, the sole area.
Why would they go there?
Because from there, it's very, very short route to go to the industrial heartland of Germany.
Had they succeeded in taking
number of bridges which they had to take and they unfortunately failed.
The war would have been over by winter of 1944.
So by Christmas of 1944, everything would have been over.
This operation failed because the Nazi Abwehr got wind of what was happening by way of a double agent from the Dutch, Christian Lindemans, who was sent over
who had already been apprehended by the British counter intelligence because they figured that he was fishy because he had been surviving operations where everyone else got killed before and only he survived miraculously.
They had already apprehended him and Prince Bernhard demanded that this man be released in September of 1944.
to be sent over to Eindhoven to alert the Dutch resistance to the impending operation.
He did not go there.
He went to the Germans, betrayed the operation, and many thousands of lives were lost at Arnhem.
Bilderberg, which is, of course, conspiracy theory, Bilderberg is a place just outside of Arnhem.
It is an eyesight of where
the brave Allied soldiers lost their lives in a three-day meat grind from German tanks with just very light armor or non-armor at all.
It's in eyesight where the Bilderberg Hotel is.
Prince Bernard had the audacity to call the first meeting of the Bilderberg Group 10 years after this right there.
One piece of information which is missing in this is that, of course, the Germans knew that they were losing in August of 1944, just weeks before the separation was due to go ahead.
In August of 1944, in Strasbourg, there was a meeting, which is well documented even in congressional records.
U.S.
Congress has heard this evidence right after the war.
There was a meeting where the captains of German industry were summoned by the SS, and they were told that until then it had been a capital crime
to extra, how do you say, to ship abroad, to expedite assets, money, patents, anything.
You would be hanged if you did this.
It was treason.
After that meeting, it was an order to do just that.
So they started to ship assets abroad, particularly to South America, South America, Mangala, and many others.
This happened in August of 1944.
They needed a couple of months to complete the mission.
Had the Allies succeeded in September of 1944, this whole operation would have ended.
They would not have succeeded in getting the money out of Germany.
which eventually they did to a very large extent.
So this is where I say the Nazis survived.
There were many Nazis.
Some of those Nazis even managed to survive and get into the next German government, the democratically elected German government.
We had a head of the chancellor's office, which is the chief of staff in the White House.
Who was a Nazi?
Who wrote the commentary of the population laws in 1935?
He became the head of the chancellor's office.
The chancellor himself, Konrad Adenauer, his wife was a sister of the wife of John J. McCloy.
John J. McCloy was a Wall Street banker and later became commissioner of Allied
operations in Germany.
And Adenauer was handpicked to be Chancellor of Germany.
And he was in the hand of John J. McCloy and the Americans.
And his office was run by a Nazi.
There was Reinhard Gehlen, who was head of Abwehr with regards to the East.
So Fremde Heere Ost was Reinhard Gehlen.
He was a general.
And he was hired by Ellen Dulles, and he built the German intelligence service, so BND, Bundesnachrichtendienst, the CIA equivalent.
He built it.
And the two, Globke, so the head of the chancellor's office, and Gehlen, they met until the late 60s to discuss personnel in the German administration and academia.
So they even managed to handpick those historians who were charged with working through the mess which was left in the archives.
And of course, nothing really was understood because those people were the wrong people who sat there.
They hanged a few small guys and the rest, they got a free pass.
And then eventually, they were too old and died.
But this went on until the late 60s, which means that until the 90s, people were put in places by those guys.
And this has been handling academia in Germany.
I mean, just an anecdote to kind of bring you back to where you started about how hard it is for you as a German to work on these subjects.
When I moved to the Netherlands in 2002, I can't remember exactly what year it was after that.
It could have even been 2002.
when the World Cup was going on and Germany was competing and the Netherlands, the Dutch people were doing news broadcasts about how this was the first time that they ever saw Germans fly the German flag since they surrendered in World War II.
It was like notable
that they were finally able to express some form of nationalism, even if it was just for their football team.
And so the country of the Netherlands noticed this.
And then the second thing I want to say is that, I don't know, you're probably aware of it because you live over there, but this story of the dirt and the skeletons in the closet of the royal family of the Dutch
royal family is now becoming public, I think, in a very controlled and obvious fashion.
And it's very convenient.
It's kind of the same undermining the faith and nationalism of the Netherlands by, you know, conveniently releasing this shameful history at a time when they want to undermine the nationalism of every country in Europe.
I feel like we should try to wrap up though, so if you don't mind.
One important detail in this, Jay, because it pertains to what happened to Mike Eden.
This nationalism, which was indeed, it was quite refreshing to see Germans embrace their nation in a sound way in the early 2000s.
Today,
I believe that this was maybe even a start of a direction.
Maybe not, but Mark, you have said that stuff happened in the early 2000s with regards to the World Trade Center, which also has possibly some connection to what is happening now, because stuff couldn't happen then, which maybe they're trying to pull off now.
Anyway, so the German nationalism at the moment, Germany is again fearing a resurgence of the far right of nationalism.
Okay.
And this is something which is connected to this because we have been, we have been spun so extremely that today we have, again, we have a
a nationalist opposition, Alternative fr Deutschland, Alternative for Germany, which has been allowed to be the only opposition in the German parliament during COVID, which makes you think, okay, just this one party, and they held the speeches which every decent politician should have held.
But so this
brought a huge popular vote, in the polls at least, to this group.
Come November last year, we see, first of all,
reports of, of course, fake far-right conspiracies of Wannsee-Konferenz and stuff.
But we also see in the German Bundestag the same parliamentary group censoring Mike Yeadon because he had the guts to say
that there was no spread and that it is something else.
And we don't know exactly what it is, but we should also think about the central bankers and we should think about digital money and all this stuff.
And this was censored by this very opposition party.
And they are dividing Germany right along those lines at the moment.
And the Gaza conflict is just another topping on this devilish cake.
I'm sorry.
Jay, you have a phrase like, why would we need to have all of these psychological operations if the truth was just out there?
Now, if we just had spreading pathogens that were risk additive happening all the time, why would we need
Why would there be some big conspiracy to, you word it better than I'm wording it right now, but you've been highlighting this lately.
How much focus has been on that, Jay?
I mean, let's do one that you just popped in my head this morning.
Why do you need to use IBM punch cards if you're just murdering people?
I mean, well, if you're just murdering people, why do you need punch cards?
I mean, it's IPM punch cards, the Germans have a reputation for meticulous note keeping.
And these, this data collection, this record keeping is just completely inconsistent, as well as all the resources to build and maintain those camps.
with a population that was starved of resources that was running out of fighting age males that was just gonna kill these people anyways.
These stories just don't add up.
I'm not trying to be insult, insult anyone.
I'm not trying to be inflammatory.
I'm not trying to just stir up drama where it's not needed.
My life is too short as it is.
I don't need that.
These are just big questions about something which has been
which has very, very close connections to what is happening today.
I mean, I hate to make it so simple, but you know, there are also Holocaust deniers, just like there's no virus deniers.
And it's the same kind of stupid question.
And what we're actually asking is, is it possible that the Holocaust's worst aspects were actually completely hidden from us so that everyone in this group could benefit from their behavior?
I mean, that to me is the simplest question that no one has ever asked in the history of me ever talking or being told about this story.
There are stories of Mengele having done horrific experiments.
And some of them are probably true.
But then one nature is the ability to change eye color with a dye, something along those lines, which, well, perhaps that did happen.
I don't know how often that happened.
But if he was any type of a scientist or with other scientists, did they really think that that was going to have some sort of genetic impact?
It's almost as if some stories were allowed to bubble up and be retold because they just sound like a bunch of monsters that had nothing to do other than to torture.
And I'm not questioning whether or not there was torture at all, but it just doesn't make any sense, even from a military perspective, from any type of perspective at all.
So if what we've just rolled into right now is all 8 billion people on the planet being subjected to a future of data collection and gene therapy, well, why is it out of the question to think that 8 million people in camps 80-something years ago would have been available for medical research?
And most of the experiments which did come out about transplants
you know, the reactions of the body is effectively immune responses.
And I think looking at the way freaking vaccines were made, realizing that it was, I'm going to slightly oversimplify it here, but mashing up animal brain and injecting it into people, yeah, they get sick.
Well, no kidding.
How different is that from transplanting, I don't know, bone marrow from different animals into people or between people?
It is very possible that stunning insights into the way the immune system was identifying different tissues came out of whatever had happened in World War II.
And it should be no surprise that there were major advances.
and understanding how DNA was mapped and coming out with new vaccine manufacturing methods with the polio vaccine, there was a huge boom right after World War II.
And in fact, it was Hilary Kaprowski who made the first polio vaccine.
As a middleman between that Rockefeller Institute, having gone through the Vatican where he's played his piano, we're not stretching here.
We're not stretching at all.
And why is it for me, who is, I'm only the fraction of the historian that you are, and so much other horsepower which has been dumped, which we think anyways, into Twitter and these spaces.
Why haven't more people gotten to this before?
I'm actually frustrated that somehow we're at the front of this.
We shouldn't be.
We really shouldn't be.
Other people should have done this before.
I'm very frustrated.
that either they sold themselves as what they were doing and they didn't.
They've wasted so many other people's time.
I'm very disappointed at them, having delayed these insights and this research until now.
Either, as is me, Marc.
But definitely, we are where we are at this moment.
And you and JJ are raising these questions.
And look at what response JJ has gotten
for raising concerns with an organisation which is purporting health freedom, instead of, as you say, rightly, really calling out the criminality of the vaccine schedule.
And so this is something where I would hope that also Vela, who again, I respect greatly.
She's a very strong, courageous woman.
who has taken a lot upon her.
But you should understand that you, Mark, are raising the exact right question at this moment.
And that if CHD was supporting Vera, they should support you in this question.
Definitely.
They should support JJ in demanding
answers from senior scientists within the medical freedom movement about inconsistencies, about the narrative, and about the CV.
I think we should close it there because it's an hour and a half and you guys have been really, really fantastically
Fantastically clear, I think, and it's been a really good meeting of a back and forth kind of thing.
I want to encourage you to use the email that I sent the Zoom meeting in to make connections between you guys and do whatever you need to do to extend this connection beyond this little show.
And I want to thank you again for both coming on.
You can find Uwe at Never Again is now global on Substack and you can find Mark at HousatonicITS.com and I think also Housatonic
dot live.
Is that correct?
Yeah, I got the URL.
It's the name of the show.
It's beautiful.
Yep.
Okay, so you can find them both there.
Their names are on the screen.
Please, please just support their work because there are some of the few people that are that are peeling the onion in the right way asking the right questions and not afraid to admit that they've gotten it wrong a couple times.
So thanks guys for joining me again.
I'm gonna I'm gonna stream us out.
Is that good?
Wonderful.
Thank you for this.
This was great.
I appreciate it.
Both of you do.
Awesome.
Thanks, guys.
So I don't really know what to say other than there are certain strategies, certain things going on right now.
And I think they actually involve trying to mislead the young.
I'm not necessarily accusing any of these people of being particularly good at misleading the young.
I just think that they've been hired to do it.
I do think that we can learn a lot from James Giordano.
I think we can learn a lot from thinking about how many people don't wanna talk about 2020 and don't wanna talk about the history of the mentorship that underlies this.
This limited spectrum of debate that we've been talking about today actually extends back to the Holocaust and World War II and whether or not we have been focused on shiny objects rather than the idea that you wouldn't just take people and exterminate them.
And if you did, you wouldn't need IBM punch cards to keep track of them.
I think we've been consciously and intelligently manipulated for a very, very long time and to
acknowledge or hat tip Veera Sharav for using this statement from Edward Bernays in all of her talks.
We have been manipulated by these people behind the scenes that have been planted very early on from harmless meddlers to people that have worked for the Human Genome Project for many years.
It's because they have been always there to try and prevent our informed consent.
And I think this has become very, very clear.
They get us running around in hamster wheels
And their stories are all very, very parallel.
The parallel story from 2021 that Robert Malone told to Paul Cattrell is very parallel to the story told not even a week ago by Meryl Nass and not even a week ago by Mary Holland.
And it just continues on and on.
It's a mythology about viruses.
It's a mythology about what can be done in the world
in laboratories.
And this mythology goes all the way back to the whole career of Ralph Baric, who his whole job has been to lay the foundation for this illusion that there is pandemic potential, and his work represents it.
This is a group of people that's been busy for many years, but especially since the start of the pandemic.
It's possible that Robert Malone wasn't even supposed to be part of this, but he is now.
They have been faking this train stopping for many, many years.
And the way they did it is the best described as a scooby-doo.
It's a mystery that they tricked us into solving, just like they tricked us into solving, you know, the mystery of how many Jews did they kill and not what did they use them for before they did that.
I guess I show this guy all the time because I think he's a key to understanding this illusion.
It's about spreading bad ideas and who's spreading them.
Ladies and gentlemen, please realize that there was no novel virus that can explain all of these various ways that people were probably just murdered.
And the fact that nobody wants to say murder is actually a very good clue that we have been misled for.
How long is it now?
We're in 2024.
This is really four and a half, going on five years of a coordinated
harmonization of liars across the internet.
They've lied to us about this, this data.
And that's, that's just I'm going to leave it.
I'm not going to show any pictures of anybody up there at this time.
Please, ladies and gentlemen, stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary.
And if I can get this silly mouse to show up, I can probably play us out.
Thanks guys for showing up.
Um, this has been Giga Home Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Um, thank you very much to my guests, which should be right, probably there still.
Oh no, it's not.
Oh no.
They left.
That means that the zoom is overloading.
Look at that.
Bang.
Um,
Oh, I don't even know if I can fix this anymore.
That's pretty funny.
We're going to force quit Zoom here.
That'll do it, I hope.
Quit, quit, quit, quit, quit.
End the meeting for all.
I'll have to get back to them later.
Whoa, so that's what happens when you get the infinite screen on Zoom.
That's pretty funny.
Anyway, thanks for joining me.
This has been Giga Home Biological, and these are the people that support the work.
Thanks, guys.
I have to make a video for the red pill.
I'm going to do that probably this afternoon and then send it in so it gets up on the website.
The talk is fine.
I mean, I'm not worried about that.
I'll knock that out.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks, Mark.
Thanks, Ube.
You guys are the best.